# Signal-viewer-app
Introduction: Monitoring the vital signals is a crucial aim in any ICU room. Description: Using Python and Qt, develop a desktop application that illustrates multi-port, multi-channel signal viewer that has the following features:

The user can browse his PC to open any signal file. Each group will need to provide samples from any three different medical signals (e.g. ECG, EMG, EEG,...etc). Each signal type should have an example of a normal signal and an abnormal signal.
The application contains two main identical graphs. The user can open different signals in each graph. i.e. each graph has to have its own controls. The user can run each graph independently or link both graphs via a button in the UI. When the graphs are linked, the two graphs must display the same time frames, signal speed, and same viewport if zoomed or panned (i.e. if the user zoom on one graph, the other graph should apply the same exact zoom as well). If the link between the two graphs is disabled, then each graph can run its signals independently.
In any of the two graphs, when the user opens a signal file, the signal should show up in the cine mode (i.e. a running signal through time, similar to the one you see in the ICU monitors). Do NOT open a signal in a static mode. If the signal ends, there should be a rewind option to either stop the signal or start running it again from the beginning.
The user can manipulate the running signals through UI elements that provide the below function: • Change color, • Add a label/title for each signal, • Show/hide,
• Control/customize the cine speed, • Zoom in/out, • Pause/play/rewind(on/off),

• Scroll/Pan the signal in any direction (left, top, right, bottom). The scroll is performed through sliders, and the pan is performed through the mouse movements. • Move any signal from one graph to the other. During these manipulations, Intuitively, no scroll/pan should be allowed before your signal starts or after it ends, or above its maximum values or below its minimum values. No user expects to see an empty graph cause he scrolled the signal too much to the top for example. Note: Of course, all manipulations will be applied to all the opened signals (viewed or hidden).

Exporting & Reporting: For the sake of reporting, the user can construct a report of one or more snapshots for the graphs sent to the report along with some data statistics on the displayed signals to a pdf file. You need to generate the pdf contents via the code. i.e. Do NOT take a snapshot image and convert it to a PDF file! • Data statistics can be mean, std, duration, min, and max values for each signal. These numbers should be organized in a nice table in the pdf file. The report itself should be organized to have a nice layout. The report can be single or multi-page. Prepare samples of your reports for different numbers of signals and snapshots.

